[Music]
the
internet the web of searching your
favorite sites
streaming pay your bills etc but just
simply being connected
your privacy is at stake but nor vpn
it has an answer using military grade
encryption on your connection and ip
address
nordvpn keeps any snoopers from knowing
what you're doing
the public wi-fi creeps they can't spy
on you now
and what you think you're safe at home
too nope your isp can snoop on you too
and even throttle your internet just for
the heck of it the safety of your
passwords and the quality of your
internet
is safe at last with nordvpn just one
click and you're connected to one of
thousands of servers in
over 60 countries and it can be used on
your phone
tablets computers upwards of six devices
at once so whether you want to bypass
geo restrictions and watch certain
movies you can't in your home country
or protect your whole network space nor
vpn is there to help you save
money in the process you can power up
your internet today with the help of
nordvpn
if you go to noravpn.com spooky rice
or use code spooky rice you get a huge
discount off a two-year plan plus one
additional month free
let me repeat you can power up your
internet if you go to nordvpn.com
spooky rice or use the code spooky rice
and you get a huge discount off a
two-year plan
plus one additional month free and it's
a risk-free
30-day money-back guarantee thanks to
noor vpn for sponsoring today's video
okay we're back at it now you probably
haven't heard about this movie before
but is from marion dora
he's a legendary anonymous director in
the extreme genre
and here's a short movie of his called
voyage to agaptus
he's also directed cannibal and an
angel's melancholy
a film that could compete with the
serbian film for sure
i was planning on uploading another
better movie but
copyright y'all know what that is right
so i watched this as soon as i found out
and i figure i should relay it back to
you okay this won't be too bad
you want to see what happens including
all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown
the movie begins with the naked woman
running away from danger
you've seen my video on bunny games
right it's kind of like the ending of
that movie
sooner or later the camera gets a little
too close and
i can't even care about censoring
anymore just know
someone is tormenting her for an
awkwardly long
time at that can we move on mr dora
it don't even look like torment no more
looks like she's having a fun day at the
beach
but then out of nowhere we see cutting
cutting inside the mouth
that joker kind of smile it's kind of
metal with how much it focuses into it
there is also
slashing on the breasts but it's not
that profound
the woman is laid spread out next to the
ocean
next there is a pretty long intro
sequence with scary doll music
and then a quick cut to two people on
the trip husband and wife i assume
they don't seem to be very talkative
husband likes a drink a little too often
and sometimes there's a close-ups that
reminds me of
cutting moments hell even the quiet
couple here they remind me of the couple
and cutting moments
the only difference so far is that these
two actually have some spark in their
marriage
i'm telling you all this just based on
the car ride to wherever the hell they
are going
they must be going to mount chiliad
really the couple go to
some weird backyard party with some
other couples there it's like some
i don't know rich people event or
something it's very dry and the main
couple is separated
that's when this guy tells rafael the
husband
that he can buy this girl if he wants to
that girl is named
lisa and isabelle isn't fond of having
lisa
tag along with them for sexual adventure
lisa seems to be forced into
prostitution work
by whoever hosts this party and rafael
offers to
buy her and allow her to come with them
for free
i guess it's an attractive offer now
here's another
bout of sites that this movie is often
criticized for
it's just lisa making her way downtown
walking fast
she's about to join rafael and isabel on
their trip
but isabel hated that now if it's not
obvious they are not a regular couple at
all already i'm guessing they are crazy
about
sexual activities and fetishes anyway
the three start their boat trip this is
the kind of boat trip
that tony soprano would execute at 6 9
on lisa is seasick if she gets c6 i'd
probably be seasick too
i mean i've been on a cruise ship before
but it was it felt really stable
so this is that all about the benjamin's
lifestyle huh
i recognize that picture too no
disrespect but off the top of my head
let me think that
is emily rose no
emily rose is the lady that plays elena
fisher
i'm thinking about the exorcism of emily
rose which was based on
anna mitchell that's who that is rafael
shows her how to navigate the boat
this seems like a forensic files case
waiting to happen
rafael isn't paying attention to his
wife and instead
goes down a little too low on their
guests when isabel
does anger him he treats lisa badly
still he's weird about it like he's a
high school pervert
a lot of sightseeing again too i mean
it's pretty seen the water but
i'm wondering what isabel is thinking
i'm seeing your eyes
dart pass towards the sights it is
making me think that
this is going to be our last time seeing
it now this trip
seems like a board fest and not just for
them
for mr dora thinks we should see lisa
peeing in the toilet
right before dinner they're not even
eating
rafael is just being a huge pervert
literally asking what she did
on the toilet raphael might be into that
scat stuff
because he really wants his wife to eat
this stuff
just so that she can [ __ ] later lisa
over here feeling awkward
and isabelle is playing the silent
treatment and fighting against raphael
for some reason when lisa says that's
enough
raphael tells her to keep her mouth shut
i wonder why he wants her to drink so
bad too
when she doesn't he tries to actually
force her to eat the food
i don't know what's going on and lisa
doesn't either
isabel hits lisa even though she is
trying to help
and now the whole trip is ruined i'm
guessing
isabelle was a little jealous of their
guests lisa got on a trip with some
weirdos
that reminds me of school fights where
um people would try to stop the people
fighting
but then they'd accidentally get hit
themselves and join the fight because of
it i used to laugh at that all the time
the next morning we see raphael had a
destination
in sight some island rafael is starting
to give
rules to lisa like making her topless
he purposefully throws her stuff away
when she doesn't listen to him
also isabelle isn't mad at rafael
anymore when he diverts his abuse to
lisa
they force her to raid her t-shirt and
throw her stuff overboard
anyway yeah thanks mr dora now i got a
sense of this [ __ ]
the yanker ass right back into the water
and won't allow her to get back
up then the [ __ ] pulls her up by
rope
this movie turned weird fast and the
weird couple
tire up on top of the boat like this
fishing and they get this thing i've
never seen
this before but they cut right into it
just know that they put the weird
texture on lisa and even vomit the
insides out at her
this is before he assaults her and that
turns isabel
on she's ultimate despair now this is
reminding me of the bunny game
and oh boy i know y'all can't see this
but he cut right into her vagina a
little bit
you can watch this movie on after films
by the way so you can see all that on
there
now this movie is getting into that
usual uncharted marion dora territory
that bleak reciting of philosophy mambo
jumbo
lisa is tied up on top of the boat day
and night
now isabel does come out late and gives
her a knife to use
saying it's her only chance but i don't
really trust isabelle
especially after she helps get her p
flowing the next morning the new couple
come to bully lisa again
full frontal from rafael by the way you
know
i thought they were going to be going to
an island
soon the couple untie their victim he
says that she is free to go
that means she's free to swim away she
swims away but
it seems to me that they are giving her
a fighting chance
they're gonna hunt her down on the
island that she swam to
damn i wish they gave her some clothes
though this is
very grassy land once they see her they
chase her around like a bunch of
rednecks
mr dora all this nudity is a youtube
nightmare
the weird couple creep on lisa planning
to kill i suppose
i don't know it's just weird at this
point we got about 10 minutes left
it's like isabel and lisa have some
weird battle for
him who likes him nobody wants his weak
four-inch attention well lisa doesn't
act and gets stabbed twice
but then raphael does something very
weird and evil weird close-ups obscured
actually but soon it turns out he's
stabbing her in the vagina the wife
makes a mean worthy face
and after that it seems he forces
something in her mouth
and even cuts her nipples off now that's
what i was expecting from
mary and dora a harsh close-up of
cutting nipples off
and just mutilating lisa's body and
dragging her guts out
the music has a very grim reaper feel to
it but
if the grim reaper were purely evil soon
it's all done and is more sightseeing to
take in
a voice in the background seems to imply
that this
isn't the couple's first victim i guess
that's who the first girl in the
beginning was
but all i know at this point is that i
have no idea what the hell i just
watched
that was our next edition from marion
dora let's talk about the most disturbed
moment
and most enjoy moment in that spooky
stuff
[Music]
all right so this was pretty dry i truly
feel like it was something i didn't need
to venture for but i'm still glad i
watched it it does have that marion dora
feel to it after all
i won't be making any extreme scenes for
this video
so if you want to go see the movie just
go to efthemovies.com
most disturbed moment is the ending
killing
seems rafael has sexually mutilated lisa
after killing her stabbing her in that
place many times
and dumping something gross in her mouth
that might have been her own feces
plus the gut grab reminded me a little
of red flesh
most enjoyable was actually the
sightseeing scenes
why because it allowed me to actually
sit back instead of documenting every
little thing that's happening
just some little meta humor from your
host and that's it
we will be doing an angel's melancholy
in february
after a serbian film in salo though i
don't think it would be too tough to
watch
i'll see y'all again next week but give
me a break
i'm tired and gotta do school so be
patient and be respectful
check out cannibal also directed by
marion dora
and a lot more disturbing by the way or
you can watch silo
probably one of the top three best
disturbing films
thanks for watching spooky out